1. fix forced logout --> right now it doesnt work but that is not priority. 
2. work on calendar

    calendar
        Navigation drawer --
            1. view selector -- top of the drawer (year, month, week, day)
            2. Schedule Display toggle -- ability to view schedule within the calendar
            3. Scheudle -- displays classes as cards that hold the metadata -- ability to tap 
            and cancle a class -- when tapped prompt "are you sure you want to cancle this class today"
            4. edit button -- ability to add and edit class schedule

        Main Calendar view -- 
        1. Tapping on a day selects which day you are viewing as a card. 
            a. swiping up gives a list of the day's events in chrolologicsl order. When in this view, can only
            see that week. -- also in this view, events only show up as bars of color
            b. swiping back down expands calendar, allows user to see event names 

            IN BOTH VIEWS DAYS ARE NUMBERED AND DAY NAMES ARE LABLED AS S,M,T,W,T, OR F

            2. plus button in the bottom right to add events 
                a. event creator will have a title, toggle All day, color selection, date selector, 
                time selector (options for AM or PM), Location (only exists as a string of text),
                when to remind (ex: 10 mins before), Note
                b. option to create a reminder instead of an event --
                    includes: title, All day?, date, time, AM or PM, repeats? and how often

                Both will have the option to cancle or save
            
            3. tapping on events within calendar view -- displays all events for that day in chrolological order
            to the left: time when starts, color, then event name. under event name: what time to what time
                plus button to add to that specific day -- tapping on event within this view takes to page with more details
                -- can edit here
            
            4. tapping and holding event gives option to edit or delete. 

        
        Dual path detail system
            1. when tapping on class (within calendar view), displays class card with metadata.
            display only
            2. when tapping on class (within schedule drawer) gives option to cancel class.
                "are you sure you want to cancle" Options: yes and no (when class tapped on)

Aesthetics will follow given images of AI generated examples of the app

Class requires: 
id
course name
instructor
room
day it occurs
start time
end time
color value
skipped dates

event requires:
title
is all day -- bool
date
start time
end time
location -- stored as string
reminder -- minutes before
Note
color value
does repeat

Reminder requires
title
is all day -- bool
time
date
does repeat
    how many times 
        when
is completed
